3 points -- Complete 10 page report as a .pdf file, double spaced (defined as 26 lines of text 
            per page).

3 points -- Correct spelling and grammar throughout the report.

3 points -- Description of the real data set that is being analyzed, as well as a citation/
            url.

3 points -- Discussion of the variables of interest, and their relationships being studied.

3 points -- Discussion of a statistical model for estimating population features/relationships 
            from the data.

3 points -- Description of how to bootstrap data based on the proposed statistical model.

3 points -- Description of the computational/algorithmic approach to fitting the statistical 
            model on the real data, and on the bootstrap samples.

3 points -- Summary plots/tables for analyzing the results of the bootstrapped sampling 
            distributions of the statistic.  

3 points -- Conduct and interpret any relevant bootstrap hypothesis test and bootstrap 
            confidence intervals.

3 points -- Justification of the number of bootstrap data sets generated.

3 points -- Discussion on how inference from the bootstrapped sampling distributions 
            compares to the parametric inference presented in the midterm project.

3 points -- Discussion of the broader implications/inference learned from the model fit to the 
            real data.  Do the implications seem reasonable, plausible, believable, etc.?

3 points -- Discussion of possible limitations of the model, and why it may be too simplistic 
            for explaining relationships in the real data (e.g., maybe there are confounding 
            or omitted variables, or maybe the structural relationship may not be 
            appropriate).

3 points -- All R code submitted as separate .r files, with comments (not counted as part of 
            the report).

3 points -- Code is organized into separate simulate.r, run_file.r, and out_file.r script 
            files.

3 points -- A "workflow" text file is included, which enumerates lines of code needed for 
            reproducing all of the results presented in the 10 page report.

3 points -- Random number generator seeds are used, and used appropriately. 

3 points -- No R packages were used (unless an a-priori exception was given by the 
            instructor).
