3 points -- Complete 10 page report as a .pdf file, double spaced (defined as 26 lines of text 
            per page).

3 points -- Correct spelling and grammar throughout the report.

3 points -- Description of the real data set that is being analyzed, as well as a citation/
            url.

3 points -- Included summary statistics and exploratory plots of the data.  Discussion of 
            unique features.

3 points -- Discussion of the variables of interest, and their relationships being studied.

3 points -- Discussion of a statistical model for estimating population features/relationships 
            from the data.

3 points -- Description of how to generate synthetic data from the proposed statistical model.

3 points -- Description of the Bayesian computational algorithm for fitting the statistical 
            model.

3 points -- Discussion of the results of a simulation study to determine if the true 
            population features can be estimated from the synthetic data.  Description of how 
            to set the values of the true population features/parameters for generating the 
            synthetic data.

3 points -- Summary plots/tables for analyzing the results of the simulation study (e.g., 
            histogram of the sampling distribution of the estimated posterior mean and median 
            for each synthetic data set, with a line indicating the true parameter value).  

3 points -- Evaluate the coverage of 95% credible sets.

3 points -- The sampling distributions of the estimated posterior mean/median are centered on 
            the true parameter values for the simulation study.  If not, then something went 
            wrong.

3 points -- Justification of the number of synthetic data sets generated for the simulation 
            study (i.e, size of N).

3 points -- Justification of the sample size and number of features included in the synthetic 
            data sets. These should be set similar to the real data set.

3 points -- Present MCMC trace plots and histograms for each model parameter, sampled from the 
            posterior distribution fitted on the real data set.  

3 points -- Discussion of the fitted model and estimates on the real data set.  Does your 
            simulation study lend confidence to the model and estimation procedure implemented 
            on the real data?

3 points -- Discussion of the broader implications/inference learned from the model fit to the 
            real data.  Do the implications seem reasonable, plausible, believable, etc.?

3 points -- Discussion of possible limitations of the model, and why it may be too simplistic 
            for explaining relationships in the real data (e.g., maybe there are confounding 
            or omitted variables, or maybe the structural relationship may not be 
            appropriate).

3 points -- All R code submitted as separate .r files, with comments (not counted as part of 
            the report).

3 points -- Code is organized into separate run_file.r and out_file.r script files.

3 points -- A "workflow" text file is included, which enumerates lines of code needed for 
            reproducing all of the results presented in the 10 page report.

3 points -- Random number generator seeds are used, and used appropriately. 

3 points -- No R packages were used (unless an a-priori exception was given by the 
            instructor).
